[pensive piano music playing]
[water splashing]
[woman] Three, two,
one, and go!
[whistle blowing]
I win.
Oh, come on, again, please.
[chuckling]
Okay.
I'm totally gonna win this time.
[sighs happily]
[sinister music playing]
[music stops]
20 YEARS LATER
[sighs sadly]
[soft, haunting music]
HONEY, CALL ME. I WANT TO TALK.
[keys jingling]
[car lock beeps]
HONEY, CALL ME. I WANT TO TALK.
Lucía, on your phone in class?
[all chuckling]
[school bell rings]
[phone beeps]
Ruth, honey, call me back.
Please.
[phone beeps]
[man on radio] And now
the latest on Alejandro Huelva,
the missing nine-year-old boy
who disappeared while on a bike ride
on October twenty-third.
The search continues,
but remains unsuccessful.
State authorities have been joined
by groups of volunteers,
both local and from neighboring counties,
who have organized
to assist the Civil Guard
-in the ongoing search effort.
-[phone rings]
[woman, faintly] Alejandro!
- [man] Alejandro!
- [woman] Alejandro!
[on radio] If you have information
on the missing boy,
please call the hotline at 984-555-676.
In other news, the fourth quarter
labor report has been released,
the unemployment rate unfortunately is…
[haunting music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[music intensifies]
THE TRUTHERS
["Amante Bandido" by Miguel Bosé
playing on radio]
[music stops]
[dog barking]
[phone beeps]
[line ringing]
-[dance pop music playing loudly]
-[phone ringing]
[phone clicks]
Hey, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
-I know what you need.
-No.
We're not going out tonight.
Okay, whatever.
-Cheers!
[techno music playing]
-[cellphone chimes]
-Whoo!
MOM: RUTH, PLEASE CALL ME.
IT'S IMPORTANT
All good?
Yeah. Two more!
[techno music continues]
[music stops]
-You look great.
-Oh, no.
-Yes, you do. [chuckles]
-Fuck!
What time is it?
Yeah, it's bright outside,
so I don't know.
-It's… seven? Eight?
-This wasn't supposed to happen, Rose.
I could have a coffee now.
"Un Americano con leche, por favor."
-Is that how you say it?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-[cell phone buzzing]
Oh fuck.
-I'm gonna get something to eat.
-Uh, yeah.
-What's the matter?
-[man] Uh… Ruth, it… it's Mom.
What?
Your mom fell.
You mean… What do you mean?
Is she okay, or…
Mom is dead, Ruth.
[somber music playing]
[man on PA] Iberia flight 8363
to Madrid is now boarding.
Passengers, please proceed
to gate number B69.
URGENT MISSING
Please proceed to gate B…
[train horn blares]
[woman on radio] He went out
on his bike every day after school,
but he was gone for hours
and didn't come home for dinner.
And he still hasn't come home.
We know he's out there.
If anybody sees him, please…
If he's been gone for this long…
[clicks teeth]
It's awful. The whole town is in shock.
They're out there looking every day,
but I don't think there's much hope.
[somber music continues]
[music fades]
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
[car door slams]
What happened?
[sighs]
We need to be strong.
Especially me.
Why's the Civil Guard here?
[camera clicking]
Okay. Thanks, Carlos.
Look, I'm sorry, but… even though
it looks like it was an accident,
we still have to write a report.
So what happened?
Mm. She slipped in the shower.
It looks as though
she had been drinking a bit.
Uh… impossible.
What are you saying?
I mean she, she never…
My mother had stopped drinking.
She'd been drinking again.
[moody music playing]
She drank.
[officer] Ruth, it seems that your mother,
around midnight, went upstairs
and into the bathroom to take a shower.
Shall we go up?
Of course.
[officer] Your father
was upstairs, in the attic,
and noticed that your mother
was in the shower a long time.
[father] I asked if she was all right. She
didn't answer. I could hear water running.
I had to break down the door.
She was here.
Not moving. She… she wasn't breathing.
[officer] We presume
that when she slipped,
she fell into the shower screen
and it broke.
The impact when
her head hit the floor, it, well…
She died quickly.
Please, you can't really touch anything.
For the moment, sorry.
Sorry, it's just that my mother
never used the bolt on the doors.
She, she didn't like it.
She never locked a single
door in this house.
-Anyone locked a door, she'd yell at us.
-Honey.
I mean, It's like we're talking
about a whole different person.
Ruth.
I don't recognize her.
It's over two years
since you last came to visit us.
I'd be surprised if you recognized her.
[officer] Now we just have to wait,
there's a ton of paperwork,
-mostly tedious stuff.
-[moody music fades]
-[father] Patience.
-Patience. That's it.
Of course.
I was giving your father the update.
That we still have, uh, paperwork,
routine checks to do, you know.
But once we have
the toxicology report back,
if everything looks all right,
we'll release the body and you
can have her back for the funeral,
the wake, everything else.
Hopefully, it won't be too long.
In the meantime,
if you need anything at all.
Come on.
-Martín, you know how to find me.
-Thanks again.
-No problem. Bye for now.
-Take care.
[intriguing music playing]
[music fades]
Well, if you need anything,
you know where I am.
Dad.
Did something happen yesterday?
What are you asking?
Well, Mom called me.
Many times.
And I was having a bad day
and I didn't answer.
And messages, too, on my voicemail.
Well, what did she say?
That we had to talk.
We had a bit of an argument.
About what?
It was about how much she was drinking.
I think that's why
she locked the bathroom door.
Maybe she wanted to keep drinking
without me saying anything.
But her glass was downstairs.
Huh?
Her glass, she…
She didn't take it with her,
it was downstairs.
She was drunk. Maybe she forgot it.
Does it matter?
It does. It's important.
It matters because she called me
and I didn't answer, and…
And I was going
to call her today, and now…
[emotional music playing]
[sobbing]
[distant barking]
[music fades]
[sighing]
[mother] Ruth, are you
really not going to pick up?
God knows what you're doing there,
running around in Berlin, really.
But it's your life,
you do what you need to.
You're always blaming me,
saying I'm trying to control you.
But, no.
This is important.
Please call me back.
It's about your father, Ruth.
-Your father isn't…
-[intriguing music playing]
He's not the person he used to be.
He's different.
For a while now [sighs]…
I didn't wanna say anything, I didn't
wanna worry you. But the truth is…
[mute chime]
[unmutes]
I'm sorry. I thought I heard him coming.
Ruth.
Listen. Your father…
Your… your father, he's scaring me.
Ever since he retired, he spends all day
locked away in the attic.
He's changed so much.
And, I don't know
how to explain it to you, but…
But I'm afraid one of these days
he's gonna do something crazy.
Call me, please.
I love you.
[intriguing music continues]
[music becomes tense]
[door creaking, shuts]
[lock clicking]
CIVIL GUARD - DO NOT ENTER
[tense music continues]
-[knocking]
-[music stops]
Dad?
[door knob rattles]
Mm. Did you sleep well?
-[plate clatters]
-Not overdone, just the way you like 'em.
-There you go.
-Thank you.
You want anything else?
-Some orange juice?
-No, I'm not that hungry.
Can I help with anything today?
Hm, no, don't worry about it.
We're still waiting on the okay
from the sergeant, for now.
If you want, I can do the shopping or…
Or maybe I can help with the greenhouse.
Nah, I stopped taking care of
that thing a few months ago.
Why's that?
I've just been too busy.
You're retired, Dad.
And I'm just supposed
to sit around gardening all day
now that I'm retired?
Eat, please.
Last night I heard your mother's voice.
In a dream or…?
No. On your phone, it sounded like.
[moody music playing]
She left you a message?
No.
They were just some old voice notes.
You're sure?
Why?
Because I'm your dad, honey.
I know when you lie to me.
Maybe you could try using that instinct
to know when I'm not feeling like talking.
Why can't you tell me
what she said to you?
-Because it was between me and Mom.
-Yeah, sure, like always.
God forbid I should ever
set foot in your world.
You and your mother
constantly at each other's throats.
If I ever tried to intervene,
you'd shut down, you'd both shut down.
Well, it's really not that big a deal.
That's over now, sweetheart.
We can't afford
to have secrets anymore, okay?
Your mother is gone, it's just us now.
Yeah, okay.
[birds chirping]
[mysterious music playing]
[father] Ruth.
The Civil Guard sergeant called.
The coroner is all finished.
We can go and pick up your mother.
And they didn't find anything odd?
What would they find?
I mean, she drank, she fell.
[objects rustling, banging]
[music stops]
Can I help?
Uh, no, it's okay, honey.
Hey! Come on. I can do that.
I told you, it's okay.
Here. Give me that.
Let's have a race, we'll see who wins.
We could swim for it.
Hey, that's no fair.
I'm no mermaid out in the water.
Unlike you, honey.
[Ruth] Mm.
You'd have a chance,
this mermaid's a little out of practice.
[object thuds]
What are you doing?
Uh, making my way through this garbage.
Those are Mom's face creams.
Garbage.
-[object thuds]
-Poison.
And those motherfuckers
charge a fortune for 'em.
[object thuds]
Since when do you swear this much?
You realize those bastards
are ruining people's lives?
They're bleeding out every last dollar.
Who's bleeding people, Dad?
The giant pharma companies.
You know what
they've done in America, right?
They have half the country
hooked on opioids,
not to mention the fentanyl.
They drug you, bankrupt you,
and turn you into a zombie.
[thuds]
What's that have to do with
the products Mom bought?
Do you know how they make these?
Experimenting on animals.
Yeah.
And people too.
People?
On children.
Children like Alejandro.
Haven't you heard?
[dramatic music playing]
It's impossible for anyone to miss.
He vanished into thin air.
And guess who just came
to town and set up shop?
The headquarters of a multinational
pharmaceutical company.
Coincidence?
No such thing as a coincidence, honey.
There are some links I can send you.
There are millions of videos, of articles.
-People fighting to bring this to light.
-Ah, c'mon, Dad.
Yeah.
I don't know why I'm surprised.
Exactly like your mother.
[object clatters]
[music fades]
Hello, Sergeant, how are you?
It's Ruth, Martín's daughter.
My… my dad already told me
that you got the coroner's report back
and it says it was an accident.
[sergeant] That's right.
Yes. Well, I…
Tell me if I'm out of line or…
or if it's okay to ask,
but I'd like to know if…
If it's possible for me
to see the report.
Or…
Or the photos or… or something, because…
Well, it's just that I'd like…
I'd like to…
know exactly what…
what they think happened.
And…
Hello?
You wanna see a copy of the report?
Yes, if it's possible,
yes, I'd like to see it.
No problem.
Great.
[mysterious music playing]
[call disconnects]
[podcast host] This is a phenomenon
that's been going on for decades,
and only recently has enough
evidence come to light.
And all of it has been happening
right under our noses,
across the world in every
first world country.
It's vital we spread the word
to protect our children at all costs.
WAKE UP
[host 1] In Spain alone,
between one and two hundred children
go missing each year.
I'm sure our listeners are wondering
who would kidnap these kids and why.
[host 2] The reason is adrenochrome,
a chemical compound that children
produce when under duress,
but which has
restorative effects on adults.
THE NEW CONSPIRACY THEORISTS
[host 1] Are we talking about
kidnapping children to scare them?
[host 1] To terrorize, to torture them,
the worst atrocities imaginable.
CONSPIRACY THEORIES HAVE EVOLVED
-And when they stop being useful?
-[host 2] They kill them, of course.
The number of victims in just
the past few years is incalculable.
But mainstream media
won't tell you the truth.
[host 1] No, the media don't want
the truth coming out.
[melancholy piano music playing]
[people chattering]
-I'm sorry.
-Mm.
Hi, Grandma.
Hello.
Hi, honey. How are you?
Such a shame, dear.
How's Martín been?
Mm…
I dunno. I think we're all in shock.
It's been a lot, I guess.
Oh, thank you.
I haven't eaten in two days.
I keep seeing your mother
lying on the floor and, uh…
I don't understand
how it could've happened. I don't get it.
Neither do I.
You heard she'd been drinking?
Yes.
Look, your mother wasn't doing well.
She was feeling really down, sad.
I had no idea.
I know, and it's so weird
for me to be talking about her like this.
Especially in the past tense.
Did she drink because of my dad?
Martín, he's…
I don't wanna get started about your dad,
because he got weird.
I don't know. Retirement?
I don't think that he's adjusting.
I mean, and the pandemic,
that was hard on all of us.
Did you know we had to take
your mother to get vaccinated in secret?
She was so worried about him.
That he would find out.
She didn't know how he would
take it and then… Bah!
But do…
I don't know, do you think…
When they fought that he got
violent or anything like that?
That he…
I don't really know,
because your mother, you know she…
She wouldn't talk about it.
Not to me, not to anyone.
[intriguing music playing]
Okay, here it is. The copy of the report.
There are some pictures in there
from when we found her.
I wouldn't look, if I were you.
[intriguing music continues]
PROBABLE CAUSE OF DEATH:
SEVERE HEAD TRAUMA FROM ACCIDENTAL FALL
[music fades]
Ruth…
Oh, it's so terrible.
Our deepest condolences.
She worked us so hard.
All day swimming laps.
Well, she was very strict.
But such a great coach.
Yeah.
[woman] She missed you so much. Well…
Sorry, but do you know who that is,
the group with my dad?
Them? Oh, that's his search party.
His search party?
I'm not sure if you've heard,
but there's a missing child, and, well…
The neighbors have organized
these groups to look for him.
That's Mariano, the new commissioner.
Luis, from the garage.
-And that's Alfonso, the police doctor.
-[intriguing music playing]
I'm sorry?
You know, I mean the…
Oh, what do you call it?
The coroner.
Coroner.
-Excuse me for just a moment.
-Go ahead.
[paper rustling]
[Ruth] Alfonso.
CORONER ALFONSO GARCÍA MARÍN
[music fades]
[man] Our dear Lucía,
may God watch over you.
You will be missed.
Especially by your husband
and by your daughter.
They are not alone.
God smile upon this family
until they are reunited.
Faith is essential in times like these.
It's so important to believe that
there is someone waiting for us.
Back there, standing in the last row,
who is that woman?
[man] It's easy to think of God
only in the hard times.
No idea.
But we must remember…
I saw her back at the house.
At the wake too.
-How orphaned are those without faith?
-Shh.
Or those who worship false idols?
Or those who are swept up by the absurd?
Pursuing who knows what.
Why do we have to sit here
and listen to this bullshit?
[priest] To the false prophets,
to the merchants of the temple,
to the ignorants
who claim enlightenment,
to them, the Lord has this to say.
"I am the way, and the truth,
and the life."
[people murmuring]
[car horn honks]
[dramatic music playing]
[melancholy music playing]
[church bell ringing]
[music stops]
Arón!
[footsteps]
Ruth.
It's been a minute.
Yeah.
Hey, you dealing anymore?
I'll find you something,
but only because it's you.
Because I don't do this now.
I'm moving up in the world.
I have a cleaning job now.
[chuckles]
For you.
Thanks.
I'm sorry I wasn't at the funeral.
I thought your mom never really approved
of me, so it just didn't seem right.
But I regret it now.
You aren't going to funerals for the dead,
we go for the people left behind.
And I was so grateful to everyone
who came to the funeral for my dad.
Don't feel bad.
You're right,
my mom wasn't your biggest fan.
[chuckles]
Well, I took the fall
for her daughter getting lost.
What're you saying?
I'm not lost, all right?
I suppose it's true
that my life's not a straight line.
Oh, how poetic.
No, seriously. Seriously, I don't blame
her for having an issue with the boyfriend
who introduced you to smoking.
Hmm. Boyfriend?
-Well, fuck buddy, okay? Fuck buddy.
-[laughs]
She wasn't crazy about that either.
[Ruth] Mm-mm.
Lately, the one
that seems to hate me is your dad.
How so?
[quiet dramatic music playing]
I don't know. He seemed less scary
when he was still in the Civil Guard.
He used to offer me
these odd jobs every once in a while.
Security jobs mostly,
A few hours and good pay.
But since I took a job at Certyx…
-Is that the new pharma company?
-Mm-hm.
But he doesn't just ignore me,
it's like he wants to see me dead.
What?
I don't know, I don't know…
Maybe my father has a screw loose.
But I just feel like
I'm the one who's going crazy here.
He's been weird, hasn't he?
Different, I guess.
And?
I've even been wondering if he…
I'm not the same person I was either.
You haven't changed.
Hmm?
Oh, shit.
Was it?
I survived colon cancer.
You believe that?
Jesus, I had no idea.
Yeah, well, we hadn't talked in a bit.
Not about to send an email to tell you.
I suppose this bag has changed
my life in a few different ways, but…
Well…
Some days it's the worst thing
that's happened to me.
And sometimes I'm thankful.
It's proof I fought for my life and I won.
That always makes me wanna celebrate.
Oh, really?
[lo-fi rock music playing]
["His Eyes Keep Moving Towards Her"
by Los Cuantos]
♪ And he keeps his eyes to the ground ♪
♪ Looking at his own feet
While walking around ♪
♪ He knows every dog shit in town ♪
♪ And he thinks he must be wrong
'Cause with his eyes closed… ♪
What?
It's just…
Now, ever since I got the bag…
What? Can't you do it?
I don't know. Really, I have no idea.
I haven't hooked up with anyone since.
Why's that?
It doesn't…
make me feel very attractive, you know.
I don't know.
Well, I think you're hotter than ever.
Really?
Mmm.
[song continues]
[song fades]
[Arón] Here's where I work.
The new building's huge.
That was a pretty great night.
[Ruth] Mm.
Mm-mm.
See you around.
See ya. You too.
[melancholy piano music playing]
[music fades]
[birds chirping]
[happy whistling]
[scrubbing]
[sighs]
[whistling and scrubbing continue]
[Ruth] What are you doing?
What's it look like?
Bit soon, don't you think?
The sooner the better,
the sooner we can get on with our lives.
And the sooner you
get back to the attic, right?
[sighs]
What is it you're doing up there?
Hmm, well I…
I read, watch videos, stay informed.
That's what everyone should be doing.
You need to keep
the door locked to do that?
I don't like people sticking
their nose in my business.
You were the same way.
You made us put locks
on every door in the fucking house.
The "fucking house"?
Yeah.
When I was a fucking teen, maybe.
Not like you.
You never used to talk like that to me.
Well, maybe that's
what you needed to hear, honey.
A few cold, hard truths.
I don't recognize you.
[sighs] But you haven't changed at all.
Your own mother's funeral
and you had somewhere else to be.
[tense music playing]
Gee, thanks.
ADRENALINE - ADRENOCHROME
[tense music continues]
[tense music fades]
Uh, Ruth. I…
This is your mom's phone.
I thought you could use it if you wanted.
It's practically new.
And I know yours is getting old.
Thanks, Dad.
-Whoa, this is one of the fancy ones.
-Yeah.
She actually got
pretty annoyed with me about that.
"It's too much to spend
on a phone," she said.
So much bothered her.
-Since when?
-[moody piano music playing]
When it started, she was angry with you.
Because you left,
because you had given up on your studies.
You were God knows where
doing God knows what.
But how could you be angry
with someone who wasn't there?
I was the person who stayed here with her.
The only person she could hold
responsible for it all.
She blamed me and said
I wasn't strict enough with you.
It's always easier to blame someone else.
It was a difficult time.
But don't worry about me.
I'm doing much better now.
I'm okay.
[distant thunder rumbling]
Just a minute.
Uh, do you have
the password for Mom's phone?
Uh… You won't need it.
I… I wiped it yesterday.
Uh…
And everything that was on it?
Your mother's gone, sweetheart.
Why would anyone else
need what was on it now?
What use is it to you?
-Me? Oh, nothing.
-[ominous music playing]
-Never mind.
-All right.
[intriguing music playing]
[engine starts]
["Amante Bandido"
by Miguel Bosé playing]
[song stops]
[tense music playing]
[Ruth] He wiped her phone.
Anything we can do to see what was on it?
One thing we can try.
We can see what she had in the cloud.
But the repair shop
could probably do more.
But we can't go into town,
everyone knows my father.
Why does that matter?
What the fuck's going on, Ruth?
[phone chimes]
[Lucía on recording]
I thought your father was coming.
He spends all day locked up in the attic.
I'm afraid that, I don't, I don't know,
he'll do something crazy one day.
[phone chimes]
All right. At your dad's age,
that could be anything, Ruth.
Anything at all.
-A divorce, or buying a convertible…
-Yeah, but she said she was scared, Arón.
My mother was never afraid of anything.
Yeah. You hadn't seen her in a while,
I'm just saying.
For fuck's sake, she's my mom.
She used to use the bathroom
with the door open.
She couldn't stand closed doors
and she didn't like secrets.
And I'm sure she hated that my dad
was locking himself upstairs.
What if she went in there?
What if she saw something?
Whatever it is my father doesn't
want anybody to see?
Maybe they fought
and that's why she called me?
And that's why they killed her?
Slow down, Ruth, come on.
Let's not get crazy.
Have you talked to the Civil Guard?
I can't do that,
they're all buddy-buddy with my father.
I don't know.
Am I crazy for thinking this?
No, no, you're not. I just don't know.
I don't know, Ruth, I don't know.
Is that why you're still in town?
I need to know for sure
that what I'm thinking here isn't true.
Here we go.
What have we got?
It says there are 200 photos.
That doesn't seem like a lot.
Yeah, this was a brand-new phone.
I think it was a Christmas present.
No, looks like that's it.
Could there be another
folder here somewhere?
Something she was trying
to keep hidden? I dunno.
-Wait. What's that?
-Well, let's see.
No name here.
Close your eyes.
Why?
-Just in case.
-In case, what?
What if there are nudes
or something like that?
-Nudes of your mother, your father.
-Be serious.
Or even both of them naked.
-You don't want to see that.
-You're an idiot.
Neither do I, for the record,
I swear, neither do I, but…
But if that's what it's gonna
take to marry you, I'll do it.
[scoffs]
Relax, I'm kidding.
Come on, close your eyes.
All right, hurry up. Go on.
And?
-Who is this?
-[mysterious music playing]
[Ruth] Fuck!
Fuck, I knew it!
-I knew it.
-[Arón] What's going on?
I saw this woman.
She was at the wake and the funeral.
I asked my dad who she was
and he lied to me and said he had no idea.
Who the fuck is she?
I don't know, this doesn't give us a name.
Only your mom and dad know.
I have to find out.
I need to figure out who she is.
How do you plan to do that?
I'll show all the photos to my father,
and I'll make him tell me the truth.
Gonna do that on your own?
[mysterious music continues]
Shit, Arón, did you really
have to smoke in the van?
I was nervous.
But I'm good.
[Ruth] Hi, Dad.
Remember Arón?
I invited him to dinner.
Good evening.
[snickers]
That's perfect.
Sorry. I haven't been
doing much cooking lately.
I just throw things together.
Don't worry, Martín,
this is Michelin-star cuisine for me.
Do you eat a lot of junk food?
I clean up shit for work in the morning
and I eat it at night.
-Hm.
-Mm.
Must be why you got cancer.
Come on, Dad.
No, I wasn't saying
that it's your fault, really.
It's the chemicals they're putting
in everything nowadays.
And it's no accident.
You know, they make you sick
so that they can sell you the cure.
At the same time, they're destroying
the National Health System
so that we all have to pay.
Who are "they"?
-The people you've been working for.
-[chuckles] I clean the floors there.
You're working for murderers, y'know.
And they kidnap children too.
Can't forget that.
Do you think this is funny?
Wait, Martín, let me get this straight.
You think my bosses
are responsible for my cancer?
Maybe not your guys exactly, but…
-Well, the pharma companies, you mean.
-Mm-hmm.
And the governments.
[laughs]
Martín, come on now.
I mean who else is to blame?
Well, you know,
it's always easier to blame someone else.
I wish someone was to blame.
I wish there was a cancer lab somewhere,
and we could all go down there
and destroy it.
Just put an end to that shit.
But that's not how it works, Martín.
-It's not?
-No.
How does it work, then?
You get it, and you're fucked.
And you don't know when it'll come back.
You take that fear and you swallow it.
But don't you smoke it
instead of swallowing it?
[chuckles]
Yeah, you smoke.
You sit around on the sofa doing nothing.
You just allow them
to do whatever they want.
And what do you do, remind me?
I do my research,
investigate, ask questions, yeah?
Hmm.
That what you're doing
with that friend of yours,
the woman who was at the wake,
the one you said you didn't know?
Dad, Mom had photos of you
and this woman together on her phone.
Walking around town.
What are you doing, honey?
Uh… investigating, like you.
Who is she?
Her name is Berta.
Perfect.
Who is Berta?
Berta is a friend.
A friend.
Believe it or not, at my age,
you can make new friends.
[Ruth] Hmm.
But people in town could easily get
the wrong idea about something like this,
so I prefer not to say anything.
-But where?
-What?
-Where?
-Where did you meet her?
-On the internet.
-[Ruth] On Tinder?
No. We met on a forum for research.
Who goes on those websites?
More people than you might think.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Most people on there are discreet because…
Because…
Because it's not easy
to talk about certain things.
Because along the way you can lose people.
Is that what happened to you, Dad?
With Mom?
Maybe, yeah.
Berta has lost a lot of people.
She lost her husband,
she lost custody of their two children.
And right now she's feeling very alone.
As her friend, I've been trying to keep
her company. I spend time with her.
I'm helping out a friend, you know.
What's wrong with that?
Tell me what you think.
I understand how you feel.
I do.
But deep down,
underneath everything that's…
that's going on with him,
at the end of the day, he's still himself.
He's a Civil Guard,
but he's not a bad guy.
Even in his little fantasy,
he still sees himself as the hero,
saving children from the evil elite.
[chuckles faintly]
Hey.
-Your room brings back some memories.
-[sighs]
I'm getting turned on
thinking about it now.
Your dad next door,
just like it was back then.
Ugh, Arón.
[Ruth sighs]
Do you know how to pick a lock?
I need to get into the attic and
see what my mother saw in there.
[nervously] Why are you telling me this?
It's just I don't think I know anybody
else here who knows how to pick a lock.
And I do?
Why? Because I sold weed?
No. It's just that I was hoping
you could help me.
[Arón chuckles]
Ruth, I'm not a criminal.
[Ruth chuckles]
I know that, Arón.
I don't know, I mean I thought it was
possible you might know a guy, or…
Who do you think I hang around with?
Who do you think I am?
[gloomy music playing]
It doesn't matter. Forget it.
[door opens]
[man on video] To start, we're going
to take the cylinder out very carefully.
You're gonna want to watch
the terminal blocks here and make sure…
[clicks]
[tense music playing]
[shudders]
[cell phone buzzing]
[music swelling]
[clicks tongue]
[door opening]
[tense music continues]
[door shuts]
[music becomes quiet]
-[door opens]
-[music fades]
[door creaks]
[door closes]
[lock clicks]
[line ringing]
[Arón] Yeah?
I uh… Sorry, Arón, I, uh…
Did I leave my pass somewhere?
Your what?
My key card,
with the photo and the barcode.
-Um…
-It's on a blue lanyard. I can't find it.
-Where did you leave it?
-Hanging in the van. I can't find it.
I thought I might have left it
at your place yesterday.
Can anyone get into the pharmaceutical
company if they have that pass?
Yes, of course.
[mysterious music playing]
-Okay…
-Ruth, what are you thinking?
-It's weird, isn't it?
-What do you mean?
Don't you think it's strange,
that you come here
and suddenly
your pass goes missing?
-Leave the van unlocked?
-I'm sure I left it somewhere.
Just wanted to check if it was there.
I'll get a new one. Bye.
-[disconnect tone]
-[moody dramatic music playing]
-[phone clicks]
-[sighs]
WHAT THEY DON'T WANT US TO KNOW
LAS VEGAS PUBLIC SCHOOL
My ex-wife isn't well.
I asked a judge for a restraining order.
And they granted it.
Right away.
They could clearly see
that she's dangerous.
But dangerous how?
She lost her mind.
She was…
[exhales]
She was a wonderful woman,
she was just amazing.
And then she snapped.
She was sick. She was depressed.
It lasted many months.
It was awful, just terrible.
And she finally just shut herself away.
She became obsessed
with these absurd ideas.
She said that birds weren't real,
that they were watching us.
There were these planes that were
fumigating nanotechnology particles
to control us.
Suddenly, there were evil people
who controlled everything, and she…
It was all up to her to defeat them,
and somehow everything
in the world would be right.
Next, she became obsessed
with the disappearances.
With the missing children.
You weren't able to convince her
that it was nonsense, these beliefs?
I wish.
But then she started
overprotecting my children, our children.
They'd come home
and she would search their clothes,
looking in their backpacks for cameras.
They couldn't breathe.
She was so… controlling.
Then she renewed her gun license
and had them in the house.
It didn't stop,
things just kept getting worse and worse.
My ex-wife was an explosives expert
when she was in the army.
It seemed like she was gonna
blow something up.
Something, somewhere…
I'm sure that…
I'll see her name in the papers someday.
I know it.
My father is like
a totally different person.
I know it's hard to hear but…
but get away from him.
Run away. As far as you can.
[gunshot]
[distant dogs barking]
[gun shot]
-[gun shot]
-[pottery breaking]
What are you doing?
Practicing.
Something wrong?
I've never seen you shoot before.
[scoffs]
They didn't make you give back
your gun when you retired?
You never know when
it might be good to have around.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[gun shot]
-[pottery breaking]
[faint creaking]
[music fades]
[footsteps approaching]
[floor boards creaking]
[floorboards creaking]
[paper rustling]
[tense music playing]
Good night, Ruth.
[footsteps receding]
[music stops]
[exhales]
[Ruth] I need a few more days, I can't…
My mom just died.
I'm… I'm helping my dad here, and…
Okay, fine, fire me. Like… [scoffs]
You're not the only shitty club in Berlin.
Yes.
[phone clicks]
Who was that on the phone?
Is something wrong?
No. It was just my job in Berlin.
Uh-huh.
Where are you going?
We're still out looking for Alejandro.
Uh… I'm headed to the lake.
You wanna come?
You loved it when you were little.
Um…
Well, mm, okay.
[intriguing music playing]
[Martín] We've combed over each inch
of the forest and we've found nothing.
If he had gotten lost,
or fallen, or he had died somehow,
well, then we would have
found his body already.
[music stops]
So, what are we doing here?
-There are these old tunnels…
-Old tunnels?
Yeah. They're hundreds of years old.
During the war, the Maquis used them
to secretly go see their families in town.
Here.
Look at this.
Do you know what's there now,
on the other end?
-What?
-The pharma company.
[melancholy music playing]
Right.
Let's go.
NO SWIMMING
[Ruth sighs]
Is that enough for today, maybe?
What if the entrance to the tunnels
was somewhere in the lake?
They said there were spills
a few years back.
That's why nobody swims here anymore.
People use it as a dump,
but what if it's just a cover-up
so that no one actually goes in the water
and finds the tunnels?
I'll have to come back with a wetsuit.
You know what?
That won't be necessary.
What're you doing?
-Finding those tunnels.
-What are you talking about?
Come on,
you can't go in there, it's filthy!
Where are the tunnels, Dad?
This way? Or over here?
What do you think you're doing?
The same thing as you!
The same insane shit
you pull every single day!
It's not so funny, is it?
[melancholy music continues]
Well, I don't see anything.
Or maybe over here?
Ah!
[Martín] What's wrong?
[groans]
-I cut myself.
-Well, I told you.
[thunder rumbling]
[Ruth inhales sharply]
Time to go home, yeah?
What?
There's all kinds
of nasty crap in the water.
I know. In fact, I warned you.
We have to clean this
so it doesn't get infected.
Just a scrape.
I wanna check something out up there.
Hurry up, it's gonna rain.
[sighs]
Seems like the only thing you care about
is your obsession with finding this kid.
Mom's barely in the ground and you're back
out here searching already.
I don't know, it seems like
you're pissed off about Mom
only because it interrupted
your search for two days.
Are you telling me that
my wife's death doesn't matter to me?
How come you care
so much about this kid, Dad?
Are you trying to impress her?
Who do you mean?
Your new friend, Berta.
Did she brainwash you, huh, Dad?
I don't know, tell me.
Are you in love or something?
The only woman I've ever loved
was your mother.
-Hm.
-In spite of the drinking.
In spite of her suddenly being so devout
she would never miss a Sunday mass.
Your mom hadn't been well
for a long time, Ruth.
Not since you left.
Oh, so now it's all my fault?
You wanna know why I left home?
Because I wanted to quit swimming.
But of course you'd never allow that.
I wasn't happy, Dad. I wanted my own life.
Your mother adored you, Ruth.
You were the light of her life.
When you left, you left her in the dark.
Does it surprise you
that she'd been drinking?
Maybe she started drinking because she
couldn't stand being with an angry old man
who was getting crazier every day
with his conspiracy theory bullshit.
Do you know how hard it is to love
someone who looks at you like that?
After their love and respect
for you goes away?
Who only sees you
as a useless old man all of a sudden?
[thunder rumbling]
I guess it's my fault that you've become
so sick in the head now, too, right?
I'm completely sane.
More sane than ever.
Because now I'm awake.
It's you and the rest of them
who still prefer living in ignorance,
choosing to ignore the pain
of those children, their families.
You gotta be kidding, stop. I can't listen
to you spouting the same bullshit!
I'm not crazy!
If there was an epidemic
of missing children,
it would be all over the front page
of every newspaper.
You're so naive, honey.
Do I really have to explain
to you how the world works?
[thunder rumbling]
I'd prefer to think that you are naive,
and not something worse.
[dramatic music playing]
Okay, great, so now
you're suspicious of me?
Of course, Dad, everyone here
except for you has been bribed.
Everyone's an idiot except you.
Have you looked in the mirror lately?
Have you seen what you look like?
Because you don't exactly look
like a genius to me right now.
You're not this prophet everyone should
follow because only you know the truth.
You're just an old man locked in an attic
doing God knows what up there.
That's the kind of guy you've become.
You want to know
what I do in the attic, is that it?
Is that why you tried
to break in yesterday, huh?
So you've been spying on me, then?
-Perfect.
-Where are you going?
-Get your fucking hands off!
-You'll get lost! Ruth!
-Ruth. Ruth!
-Leave me alone!
Ruth.
Ruth!
Come back!
Leave me alone!
-[grunts]
-Ruth!
[dramatic music fades]
[man] You lost consciousness,
but you're looking okay now.
You'll need to take it easy for at least
a couple of days, lay off that ankle.
Take one painkiller
every eight hours if it hurts.
And your dad should make tea for you.
He's good with herbs.
But, above all, rest.
We want that ankle
to heal properly, all right?
Yes, okay.
[somber music playing]
[Ruth inhales sharply]
[car chirps]
[unsettling music playing]
[music fades]
Why the fuck is the house
filled with cameras, Dad?
Are you spying on me
or were you spying on Mom?
[sighs] Why would I do that?
Stop acting like a child, will ya?
I'm the one acting like a child?
I put them up for security.
Because I was afraid that
those people would be coming after us.
For God's sake…
-See? I knew you wouldn't believe me.
-[scoffs]
That's why I didn't tell you.
But who exactly
is gonna come after us, Dad? Who?
-The pharmaceutical company?
-And the politicians.
-Oh.
-And the police. They can bribe anyone.
The ones you least suspect.
Just think about it.
They're committing atrocities on kids.
They're capable of doing anything
to people who oppose their mission.
And they know I'm onto them.
I've had to be extra careful
since they caught me looking around.
A guard asked me for my ID. I refused,
but they know who I am and where I live.
Why were you there in the first place?
The tunnels connect there,
to the basement of the Certyx building.
Come on, stop it. I've had enough.
I'm not gonna sit with a poker face
while you go on and on
about abandoned tunnels, kids taken.
-I can't do it. I don't understand you.
-You're not listening.
They're very dangerous.
The only one following me around
is your friend Berta.
She's protecting you, Ruth.
Protecting?
She's just been trying
to make sure you're all right.
And because you're my daughter,
that makes you a target, Ruth.
Were the cameras recording everything
on the night that Mom died?
-Of course.
-[intriguing music playing]
What do they show?
They show your mom
going into the bathroom.
That's all.
Do the Civil Guard know about it?
Yeah. They have all the footage.
That was the first thing I did, obviously.
Why didn't you tell me anything? Hm?
Because you wouldn't
have believed anything I said.
[intriguing music fades]
-[Ruth] Thank you.
-Of course.
I have it here.
This video shows your mom
in the bathroom already.
This was the day…
-That she died?
-Yes, that's right.
-Is it muted?
-[officer] There's no audio.
So we don't know if she said
something through the door.
What if my father's just
trying to put on a show?
Well, that would mean that your father's
planned around the cameras,
in order to give himself an alibi, so he
could then kill your mother in cold blood.
Is that what you think?
No, but, my mom locks the door,
and that's it?
-Why does she fall?
-The alcohol.
Yeah, but my mom
couldn't have been drinking that much.
Okay.
This footage was recorded
a few days earlier.
It might be hard to watch.
She'd obviously also
been drinking that day.
[soft emotional piano music playing]
-Can you please turn it off?
-Of course, yes. I'm sorry.
Look, maybe… [sighs]
I'm just being nosy here…
But is everything okay at home?
We're here,
if there's anything we can do for you.
You know where to find us.
Okay?
[Martín] What were you thinking?
Driving with your foot like that?
You heard the doctor.
Did you want to get in an accident?
Want me to lose you too?
I needed to see for myself.
See what?
That your mother had been drinking
until she blacked out?
You needed to see that?
That's what I've been trying
to protect you from, sweetheart.
Seeing moments like that…
You didn't need to know about it.
I don't want you
to remember her like that.
I'm sorry, Dad.
Promise me you'll take it easy.
And give your head a rest as well.
Take a bath, relax. Hm?
Drink your tea, please, it'll help you.
[somber music playing]
[door closing]
[gasps]
[unsettling music playing]
[breathing shakily]
[banging on door]
[panting]
[Martín, faintly]
Ruth, do you need anything?
[knocking on door]
[Martín] Honey, are you okay?
Ruth, say something.
[banging on door]
[phone ringing]
-[Arón on phone] Ruth?
-[banging continues]
Are you okay? What's wrong?
She wouldn't open the door,
now she's locked herself in her room.
[Ruth] It's so fucking weird.
I was fine. I was fine,
and I drank my dad's fucking herbal tea,
and then I started to feel dizzy.
You know?
-Okay.
-Everything started spinning.
I was staggering around,
just like my mom was in the videos.
So now I'm starting to think that maybe
my dad could have given her something.
Something that his friend the coroner
left off of the fucking report.
-And that's why it wasn't there.
-Hang on.
I don't think I'm following all of this.
And I'm a little high.
I thought, in the video,
you can see your dad knocking on the door
-and your mother doesn't answer. She…
-Who told you that?
Because the video doesn't have any audio.
And maybe he was doing
this whole performance.
Banging on the door,
breaking the door down.
When he sees her in there
and she can't move,
he knows he's away from the cameras
and kills her in cold blood.
But, Ruth,
Ruth, are you listening to yourself?
-Do you hear what you're saying?
-He drugged me.
He drugged me. I couldn't stand up.
Look, I don't know. Were you smoking?
-Or did you have anything else today?
-I didn't smoke anything.
Nothing.
A painkiller.
Just a painkiller.
One from the doctor
and they gave me another at the station.
Then maybe that was it.
You don't believe me?
Huh?
I saw you talking to my father.
I saw you guys chat.
Your dad's just really worried
about you. I'm sure.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Did he give you a job?
Look, all right, enough.
Okay, Ruth. That's enough.
Next time you think
your dad wants to kill you,
or he's seeing aliens
or any of that shit, call someone else.
Because I'm tired of it, Ruth, honestly.
I have to come running whenever
you want a locksmith, weed, to get laid.
Yeah.
So I guess you're the one
who's been taken advantage of.
Because everything you do is so selfless,
isn't that right, Arón?
[moody dramatic music playing]
Not because you think
maybe you and me could get back together.
[scoffs]
I'm done, Ruth.
[door closes]
[vehicle door opens]
[vehicle door closes]
[engine starts]
[groans faintly]
[lock clicks]
[knock on door]
-[door knob rattles]
-[Martín] Ruth. Open the door.
[knocking]
Ruth.
Are you okay?
Do you want me to call Dr. Velasco?
[knocking on door]
[footsteps receding]
[moody dramatic music continues]
[suspenseful music playing]
ALFONSO ALWAYS MAKES US SMILE
[door closing]
[car door opening]
[car door closing]
[vehicle engine starts]
CIVIL GUARD
I'm here to talk to Sergeant Ballester.
He's not answering. Wait a moment.
-I can't wait, it's an emergency.
-What? Hey!
Hey!
[music continues]
[guard] Excuse me.
You can't be back here.
[dramatic music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[knob rattling]
[grunting]
Ruth!
What are you doing?
What are you doing, Ruth?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for everything.
Can you make me
one of your herbal teas, please, Dad?
Of course.
[music stops]
[breathing shakily]
[tense foreboding music playing]
[music fades]
[cell phone buzzing]
UNKNOWN NUMBER
[Ballester] Ruth, this is
Sergeant Ballester.
They told me you came to see me.
Yeah.
You probably saw your father in my office.
I think we need to talk.
Because?
Your father came to see me this morning
to tell me that he thinks…
that you might be complicit
in your mother's death somehow.
[melancholy music playing]
He thinks you have ties
to the pharmaceutical company
that opened a branch in town.
He thinks you and others in town
are working together on something.
He thinks coincidences
don't exist. Anyway…
Things a person with a lot of free time
would say, someone who feels very alone.
We've been seeing this a lot.
STILL LOOKING FOR THE BOY
ARE THEY INVOLVED?
I just want you to know, it's our opinion,
and the opinion of anyone
with even half a brain,
that the case is closed
and there was no crime.
It was an accident.
Every piece of evidence points to it
being a tragic accident, yes.
Okay, then why?
Why what?
But then why invent
this whole crazy story?
[sighs] Because I'm sure
it's very hard to accept
that you've lost the person you love
in such a meaningless way.
[dramatic tone plays]
It's always easier to blame someone else.
It's hard to deal with that much pain.
And I think believing all that
makes your father feel,
well, special, useful.
But I just wanted to warn you that…
your father is a true fanatic.
And a fanatic is…
incredibly dangerous.
Be careful with him, please.
Thank you.
[phone clicks]
[music fades]
[gasps faintly]
Hey, Dad?
Dad?
-I'm sorry.
-Hey, hey!
-I'm so sorry.
-Stay right there.
I just wanna talk.
[Berta] You almost killed him,
for God's sake.
Let me explain.
It was… it was a mistake. I didn't…
-Dad.
-Can't you see he's scared of you?
With good reason.
-Oh, Dad, come on.
-All right, give me your hands.
If you wanna talk to your father,
we have to tie your hands.
-What are you talking about? How…
-We can't risk you attacking him again.
Come on, please.
Do what she says, sweetheart.
[zip tie tightening]
It's because I was convinced
you had something to do with Mom's death.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Dad.
I didn't realize. I don't…
I didn't mean to hurt you, really.
[sighs]
What… What are you going to do?
Are you gonna call the Civil Guard?
What happens now?
[Ruth] Ow. Oh, fuck!
Is this really necessary?
Come here.
Your daughter's becoming
a problem for us, Martín.
We have no idea what she saw
when she was in the attic.
We have to act fast.
We have to go to the tunnels now
to find the children.
[vehicle approaching]
-[vehicle horn honking]
-[gasps faintly]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Berta] Who the fuck is that?
[Martín] The doctor.
He must have come to see Ruth.
-[Berta] Get him out of here.
-What are you gonna do with that?
Is that Arón's pass?
Please, Dad! No. No, Dad!
-Please, don't leave me here!
-Stay quiet, Jesus Christ.
-Dad!
-[TV volume increases]
[yelling] I need help!
Would you quit that?
-Dad! Dad! No.
-Be quiet.
[muffled yelling]
[woman on TV] Emma, make your guess.
-[muffled screaming]
-Let's all just relax a little bit, hmm?
[car engine starts]
Hey. Calm down, calm down.
It's been dealt with.
I'll be in the car.
-[TV continues indistinctly]
-[Ruth whimpers]
[mutes TV]
[coughs]
Dad, what are you
going to do with Arón's key card?
Did Mom find out what you're working on?
Is that why you deleted
everything on her phone?
Your mother went into the attic, as well.
She found out about what we're gonna do.
And she lost it.
After that, she started
drinking more than normal.
But I think her death was no accident.
Somebody killed her.
You really believe that
I was involved somehow?
I know you would never
try to hurt your mother.
But they could have used you to frame me,
to implicate me in her death
and get me out of the way.
I didn't think so at first, but all this,
your mother's death
so soon after security caught me
investigating around their main facility.
Too much of a coincidence.
Mom fell down.
I know it's so hard to accept,
but we have no choice.
What happened was horrible
but it doesn't help to invent stories.
I told Dr. Velasco you were asleep
and to come back later this afternoon.
He'll untie you.
Dad?
Come back!
Oh, shit.
[car door opens]
[somber music playing]
[vehicle engine starts]
Shit.
[Ruth yelling] Help! Help!
[grunting]
ALEJANDRO HUELVA, MISSING.
[dramatic tone plays]
He's in the lake.
[tense music playing]
[grunting]
[panting]
[groaning]
[grunts]
[grunting]
Ah!
[groaning]
[tense music continues]
[phone beeps]
[line ringing]
[groaning softly]
Arón, you have to listen to me.
I know I've said
a lot of really stupid things lately.
I know. But I promise
that this is serious.
My father has your pass and he's going
to use it to get into the building.
He might already be inside.
And that's not all.
He has a gun and explosives.
That woman, the one with him,
she was in the army.
She knows how to use them.
They're headed to the basement.
They think that there are children
hidden in secret tunnels or…
I don't know.
God knows what
they're willing to do to find them.
I'm on my way, okay?
But I might not get there in time.
I need you to believe me, please, Arón.
Please.
[cell phone beeps]
[Ruth] …and he's going to use it
to get into the building.
He might already be inside.
And that's not all.
He has a gun and explosives.
Careful.
[intense music playing]
[Martín] Wait.
Let's go.
[alarm blaring]
I'll go.
[alarm continues]
[Arón grunting]
[Berta] All good.
Let's go.
[alarm continues ringing]
[beeping]
[man] Hey! Stop, you can't go in!
My dad's inside. Let me in the building.
-[loud explosion]
-[people screaming]
Arón. Hey, hey, are you all right?
[explosion]
[coughing]
We have to keep looking.
They must be behind the next wall.
They have to be back there.
[alarm ringing]
Dad, wait.
Ruth. What… what are you doing here?
-Go home.
-No. No, you have to come with me.
I can't, sweetheart.
The boy isn't here.
Remember when I cut myself
on metal in the lake?
It was his bike, it was Alejandro's.
He drowned in there.
He fell in with his bike, I'm sure of it.
You would say anything if you thought
it would make me leave with you.
No, Dad, really. If you don't believe me,
we'll go to the police.
I'm sure they'll find him.
He's in the lake.
Even if that were true,
it's not just Alejandro.
It's all the other children too. The kids
they've taken and the kids they will take.
Don't you see that we can save
them all by exposing the truth?
I understand, I do,
but you don't need to save anyone.
You don't need to save any child.
You don't need to be the one
to change the world or be a hero.
Isn't it enough to be my dad?
Because I really do need you.
Come with me. We'll make another plan,
we'll come back another day.
Whatever you want.
I'm not leaving you again.
I'm never leaving your side again,
I swear, Dad, I promise.
[loud rumbling]
I love you.
-Ruth. Let's go!
-No, no! Come back!
-[Arón] Let's get outta here!
-[Ruth] Dad!
[loud rumbling]
-[alarm ringing]
-[coughing]
[tense music fades]
[distant siren blaring]
[emotional music playing]
[sobbing]
[music continues]
[man on radio] Today we woke up
to the sad news that Alejandro Huelva,
the nine-year-old boy
who went missing a month ago,
has been found dead in Lake Caldas.
His body was discovered
trapped under debris.
A tragedy that adds to the deaths last
week of Martín Arce and Berta Martínez,
who were killed in the explosions
they themselves caused
at the headquarters
of the pharmaceutical company Certyx.
Reports indicate that
the Arce and Martinez believed
there were hidden tunnels
connected to the basement of the building
where they would find Alejandro
and other missing children,
kidnapped, they believed, by the company,
a conspiracy theory that gained traction--
[radio turns off]
[emotional music continues]
[music fades]
ONE YEAR LATER
[gasping]
[coughing]
[panting]
[electronic dance music playing]
[music stops]
-Hey.
-Hm.
You're Martín's daughter, right?
From the pharma company.
Tell me something. He's not dead, is he?
What?
It's a cover-up
so he can keep investigating, isn't it?
So they'll leave him alone.
Gotta keep it secret, huh?
Because the police,
the media, they're all in on it.
It's obvious that they experimented
on the boy and threw the body in the lake.
What are you saying?
Don't you realize all of that's nonsense?
[snickers]
Right. [laughs]
You have to keep quiet?
Does that put you in danger?
I get it. But one day
the truth will come out.
I think your father's gonna
bring everything to light.
He's an inspiration for so, so many of us.
Tell him I said that.
So cool.
[intriguing music playing]
NO MORE LIES
WHO IS BEHIND EVERYTHING?
WAKE UP
FREE CHILDREN
FREE OUR CHILDREN NOW
WE WANT THE TRUTH
NO MORE LIES
WAKE UP!
[intriguing music continues]
[music continues]
[music fades]
[moody music playing]